Hi guys, you said you were waiting before gas on Thursday for
they are accompanied by two in our games program that we publish face
explain it well answered we have news and graduates if we remove in that
meaning said let's start watching today's show
in an auditorium
If we talk about murderers in the world of videogames, we can not avoid thinking
between the protagonists of the saga assassin's creed ii
two
last album this year after the success within the club will be delivered in a
chapter that closes the trilogy to constantinople
where tired of killing looks for secret documents and altair where is
they hide from all the answers of their past to their way of life and also the
of the Templars
according to your Catholic payments
3 after four years
I travel to the city in search of those documents and here he discovers that
the Templars
they have invaded the city and they are also looking for such documents here
when I decide to decide to get to the bottom of the matter at all costs
b
in fat inscription revolution we will find many elements inside
of the club
but we also have news
as graphical improvements on the faces of the characters a new skill of the
protagonist to see the enemies as a kind of infrared vision and
all types of weapons including with flamethrowers
no doubt we will be waiting for the new installment of assassin's judith
to see it from this one further
oscar
The border between Mexico and the United States has been and is currently
a very dangerous area drug trafficking is largely to blame so Carlos
Juarez takes us to the very heart of the city without law
the plot takes place in the current era although the game maintains sector that
show that characterizes the delivery
We infiltrate a network of drug traffickers but if we leave the
campaign mode we will find the multiplayer mode
it is today's topic to see how this game mode will play out in ccoo
which commissions ranging from battles to teams arrests
individual
Another memory that we will have to try
the kharkiv games arrive actinver
Well look at what awaits us kosen challenge future soldier one of the first
titles that will make us feel like atomic luis the other report doing
gestures of all kinds to commit a rifle
disassemble the weapon to practice shooting and many other things
the new 2 in re compares those who have no clue iniesta
we see how we can try
now we just need to see
how has real fire increased with the arrest that these
Profiles
because we are already tired of emergency services have ideas
forced
one
we finished today's program as news that is sure to be desperate
we talk about the launch date of the best football simulator
fifa 12
ea sports announced this week that its new delivery of fifa get to
Europe on September 30 although three days before on the 27th will do its
appearance in the united kingdom where through stores like amazon insurance
that we can not buy even better price
the presentation of the game is incredible but now we will have to see what
changes and real improvements have been made with respect to the 2000 version 11
we still hope so
spectacular in the news and funds of plan b or 20
I remember that tomorrow, Friday, you also have an appointment with us
here in configurarequipos games a greeting